>>> make pytest
  ‚óè Executing pytest in enrobie..
============================= test session starts ==============================
platform linux -- Python 3.12.9, pytest-8.3.5, pluggy-1.5.0 -- /home/runner/work/enrobie/enrobie/main/.venv-package/bin/python3
cachedir: .pytest_cache
Using --randomly-seed=1734961089
rootdir: /home/runner/work/enrobie/enrobie/main
configfile: pyproject.toml
plugins: respx-0.22.0, sphinx-0.6.3, clarity-1.0.1, cov-6.0.0, mypy-0.10.3, randomly-3.16.0, anyio-4.9.0, xdist-3.6.1, mock-3.14.0
created: 4/4 workers
4 workers [257 items]

scheduling tests via LoadScheduling

enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_person.py::test_RobiePerson 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_channels 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::test_LoggerHistory 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::test_RobiePlugins 
[gw1] [  0%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::test_LoggerHistory 
enrobie/utils/test/test_param.py::test_InvalidParam 
[gw2] [  0%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::test_RobiePlugins 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient 
[gw0] [  1%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_person.py::test_RobiePerson 
enrobie/utils/test/test_importer.py::test_importer 
[gw0] [  1%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_importer.py::test_importer 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_member.py::test_RobieMember_cover 
[gw1] [  1%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_param.py::test_InvalidParam 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin_cover 
[gw2] [  2%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_channels 
[gw0] [  2%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_member.py::test_RobieMember_cover 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::test_AinswerHistory_cover 
[gw0] [  3%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::test_AinswerHistory_cover 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::test_AinswerHistory 
[gw0] [  3%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::test_AinswerHistory 
enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::test_StatusPlugin_cover 
[gw3] [  3%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_channels 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient 
[gw3] [  4%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoJoinPlugin_cover 
[gw2] [  4%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_channels 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_compose 
[gw1] [  5%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin 
[gw2] [  5%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_compose 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_command 
[gw1] [  5%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::test_HomiePlugin 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_compose 
[gw1] [  6%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_compose 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_command 
[gw2] [  6%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_command 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_message 
[gw1] [  7%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_command 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient 
[gw2] [  7%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::test_IRCClient_message 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_child.py::test_RobieChild_cover 
[gw1] [  7%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_message 
[gw2] [  8%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_child.py::test_RobieChild_cover 
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels_basics 
[gw2] [  8%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels_basics 
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels 
[gw2] [  8%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels 
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientPublish 
[gw2] [  9%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientPublish 
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels_cover 
[gw2] [  9%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::test_ClientChannels_cover 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_models.py::test_RobieModels_cover 
[gw2] [ 10%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_models.py::test_RobieModels_cover 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_plugin.py::test_RobiePlugin_cover 
[gw0] [ 10%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::test_StatusPlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::test_StatusPlugin 
[gw1] [ 10%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_message 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_channels 
[gw0] [ 11%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::test_StatusPlugin 
enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild_cover 
[gw2] [ 11%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_plugin.py::test_RobiePlugin_cover 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_compose 
[gw0] [ 12%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild_cover 
[gw2] [ 12%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_compose 
enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_message 
[gw0] [ 12%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::test_InvalidChild 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_command.py::test_IRCCommand 
[gw2] [ 13%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_message 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_command 
[gw0] [ 13%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_command.py::test_IRCCommand 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_command.py::test_RobieCommand 
[gw2] [ 14%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::test_DSCClient_command 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::test_LoggerPlugin 
[gw0] [ 14%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_command.py::test_RobieCommand 
enrobie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::test_arguments 
[gw0] [ 14%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::test_arguments 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage_reply 
[gw2] [ 15%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::test_LoggerPlugin 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::test_LoggerPlugin_cover 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage_reply 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage 
[gw0] [ 15%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage_samples 
[gw3] [ 16%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoJoinPlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoJoinPlugin 
[gw3] [ 16%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoJoinPlugin 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_command.py::test_DSCCommand 
[gw3] [ 17%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_command.py::test_DSCCommand 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage_reply 
[gw3] [ 17%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage_reply 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage 
[gw3] [ 17%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage_samples 
[gw1] [ 18%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::test_MTMClient_channels 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[hubert_privmsg-privmsg-:hubert!hubert@science.com PRIVMSG ircbot :ircbot] 
[gw1] [ 18%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[hubert_privmsg-privmsg-:hubert!hubert@science.com PRIVMSG ircbot :ircbot] 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_engage 
[gw1] [ 19%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_engage 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[hubert_chanmsg-chanmsg-:hubert!hubert@science.com PRIVMSG #enrobie :ircbot] 
[gw0] [ 19%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::test_MTMMessage_samples 
[gw1] [ 19%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[hubert_chanmsg-chanmsg-:hubert!hubert@science.com PRIVMSG #enrobie :ircbot] 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::test_LoggerHistory_cover 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[random_privmsg-privmsg-:nick!user@host PRIVMSG ircbot :Hello ircbot] 
[gw0] [ 20%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::test_LoggerHistory_cover 
enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService 
[gw1] [ 20%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[random_privmsg-privmsg-:nick!user@host PRIVMSG ircbot :Hello ircbot] 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[random_chanmsg-chanmsg-:nick!user@host PRIVMSG #enrobie :Hello ircbot] 
[gw2] [ 21%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::test_LoggerPlugin_cover 
enrobie/robie/test/test_config.py::test_RobieConfig 
[gw2] [ 21%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_config.py::test_RobieConfig 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_robie.py::test_RobieChilds 
[gw1] [ 21%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::test_AinswerQuestion_prompt[random_chanmsg-chanmsg-:nick!user@host PRIVMSG #enrobie :Hello ircbot] 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_plugin.py::test_RobiePluginThread 
[gw2] [ 22%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_robie.py::test_RobieChilds 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_client.py::test_RobieClientThread 
[gw1] [ 22%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_plugin.py::test_RobiePluginThread 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::test_RobiePlugins_cover 
[gw2] [ 22%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_client.py::test_RobieClientThread 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::test_AinswerPlugin_cover 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::test_RobiePlugins_cover 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 23%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enrobie/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 24%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/message.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 25%] PASSED enrobie/clients/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 25%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 26%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 26%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 26%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 27%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 27%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/client.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/states.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 28%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/states.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/message.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 29%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/message.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 30%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 31%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 31%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 31%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 32%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/client.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 33%] PASSED enrobie/execution/service.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/crypts.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 34%] PASSED enrobie/execution/crypts.py::mypy 
enrobie/conftest.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 34%] PASSED enrobie/conftest.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 35%] PASSED enrobie/execution/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/test/test_config.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 35%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_config.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/config.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 35%] PASSED enrobie/execution/config.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_crypts.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/test/test_service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 36%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_service.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 37%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/helpers.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 38%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/history.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 39%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/history.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/common.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 39%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/common.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/ainswer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/ainswer.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 40%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 41%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 41%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 42%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 42%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 42%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autojoin/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 43%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 44%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 45%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 45%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 45%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 46%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/helpers.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 46%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/ainswer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/ainswer.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 47%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 48%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/persist.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 48%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/enhomie/persist.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 49%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 49%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 49%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/history.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/history.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 50%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 51%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/ainswer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/ainswer.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 52%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 53%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/current.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/current.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/helpers.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/helpers.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 54%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/helpers.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/common.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 55%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/common.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/params.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 56%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/queue.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/queue.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 57%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/logger.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 58%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/logger.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 58%] PASSED enrobie/robie/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 59%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/jinja2.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 59%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/jinja2.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 59%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 60%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 60%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 61%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/child.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 61%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 61%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 62%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/client.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 62%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/person.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 63%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/person.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 63%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_child.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 63%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_person.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 64%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_person.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 64%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 64%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/member.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/member.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 65%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/plugins.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/plugins.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/common.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 66%] PASSED enrobie/robie/common.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 67%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/config.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 67%] PASSED enrobie/robie/config.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/clients.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 68%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/clients.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_member.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 68%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_member.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 68%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_command.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/command.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 69%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/command.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 70%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 70%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/message.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 70%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 71%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_message.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 71%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_message.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_models.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 71%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_models.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/test/test_config.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 72%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_config.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 72%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 73%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/child.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 73%] PASSED enrobie/robie/service.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/person.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 73%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/person.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 74%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/client.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 74%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 75%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/common.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 75%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/common.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 75%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/service.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 76%] PASSED enrobie/robie/robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/params/robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 76%] PASSED enrobie/robie/params/robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 77%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 77%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 77%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 78%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 78%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 78%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/client.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 79%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/client.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 79%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_plugin.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 80%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 80%] PASSED enrobie/utils/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 80%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/states.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 81%] PASSED enrobie/utils/states.py::mypy 
enrobie/robie/threads/thread.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 81%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/thread.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/child.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 82%] PASSED enrobie/utils/child.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/importer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 82%] PASSED enrobie/utils/importer.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/param.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 82%] PASSED enrobie/utils/param.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/__init__.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 83%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/__init__.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/test_importer.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 83%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_importer.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/test_param.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 84%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_param.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 84%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 84%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::mypy 
enrobie/utils/thread.py::mypy 
[gw1] [ 85%] PASSED enrobie/utils/thread.py::mypy 
enrobie/execution/test/test_service.py::test_arguments 
[gw1] [ 85%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_service.py::test_arguments 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::test_RobieClients 
[gw1] [ 85%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::test_RobieClients 
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::test_RobieClients_cover 
[gw1] [ 86%] PASSED enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py::test_RobieClients_cover 
[gw3] [ 86%] PASSED enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py::test_IRCMessage_samples 
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_client.py::test_RobieClient_cover 
[gw3] [ 87%] PASSED enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_client.py::test_RobieClient_cover 
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_thread.py::test_RobieThread_cover 
[gw3] [ 87%] PASSED enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_thread.py::test_RobieThread_cover 
enrobie/execution/test/test_config.py::test_arguments 
[gw3] [ 87%] PASSED enrobie/execution/test/test_config.py::test_arguments 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_RobieQueueItem 
[gw3] [ 88%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_RobieQueueItem 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_RobieQueue 
[gw3] [ 88%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py::test_RobieQueue 
enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::test_DupliThread_cover 
[gw3] [ 89%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::test_DupliThread_cover 
enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::test_DupliThread 
[gw3] [ 89%] PASSED enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py::test_DupliThread 
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_command.py::test_MTMCommand 
[gw3] [ 89%] PASSED enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_command.py::test_MTMCommand 
[gw0] [ 90%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService 
enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService_cover 
[gw2] [ 90%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::test_AinswerPlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::test_AinswerPlugin 
[gw2] [ 91%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py::test_AinswerPlugin 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage_reply 
[gw2] [ 91%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage_reply 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage 
[gw2] [ 91%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage_samples 
[gw0] [ 92%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService_cover 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie 
[gw0] [ 92%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_jinja2 
[gw0] [ 92%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_jinja2 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_person 
[gw0] [ 93%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_person 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_printer 
[gw0] [ 93%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_printer 
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_cover 
[gw0] [ 94%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py::test_Robie_cover 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger_message 
[gw0] [ 94%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger_message 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger_cover 
[gw0] [ 94%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger_cover 
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger 
[gw0] [ 95%] PASSED enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py::test_RobieLogger 
enrobie/__init__.py::mypy-status 
[gw0] [ 95%] PASSED enrobie/__init__.py::mypy-status 
enrobie/clients/discord/params.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 96%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/params.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/command.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 96%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/command.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 96%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py::mypy 
enrobie/clients/discord/client.py::mypy 
[gw0] [ 97%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/client.py::mypy 
[gw2] [ 97%] PASSED enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py::test_DSCMessage_samples 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoNickPlugin 
[gw2] [ 98%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoNickPlugin 
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoNickPlugin_cover 
[gw2] [ 98%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py::test_AutoNickPlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::test_NagiosPlugin_cover 
[gw2] [ 98%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::test_NagiosPlugin_cover 
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::test_NagiosPlugin 
[gw2] [ 99%] PASSED enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py::test_NagiosPlugin 
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_message.py::test_RobieMessage 
[gw2] [ 99%] PASSED enrobie/robie/models/test/test_message.py::test_RobieMessage 
enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService_healths 
[gw2] [100%] PASSED enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py::test_RobieService_healths 

---------- coverage: platform linux, python 3.12.9-final-0 -----------
Name                                              Stmts   Miss  Cover
---------------------------------------------------------------------
enrobie/__init__.py                                   6      0   100%
enrobie/clients/__init__.py                           7      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/__init__.py                   3      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/client.py                   169      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/command.py                   22      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/message.py                   51      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/params.py                    13      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/test/__init__.py              8      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_client.py          90      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_command.py         24      0   100%
enrobie/clients/discord/test/test_message.py        100      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/__init__.py                       3      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/client.py                       189      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/command.py                       13      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/message.py                       60      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/params.py                        12      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/states.py                         7      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/test/__init__.py                  8      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_client.py              84      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_command.py             21      0   100%
enrobie/clients/irc/test/test_message.py             99      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/__init__.py                3      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/client.py                173      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/command.py                22      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/message.py                51      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/params.py                 12      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/__init__.py           8      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_client.py      100      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_command.py      24      0   100%
enrobie/clients/mattermost/test/test_message.py     103      0   100%
enrobie/conftest.py                                  35      0   100%
enrobie/execution/__init__.py                         0      0   100%
enrobie/execution/config.py                          15      0   100%
enrobie/execution/crypts.py                          18      0   100%
enrobie/execution/service.py                         21      0   100%
enrobie/execution/test/__init__.py                    0      0   100%
enrobie/execution/test/test_config.py                 4      0   100%
enrobie/execution/test/test_crypts.py                 4      0   100%
enrobie/execution/test/test_service.py                4      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/__init__.py                          18      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/__init__.py                   5      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/ainswer.py                  190      4    98%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/common.py                    11      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/helpers.py                   91      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/history.py                  159      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/params.py                    40      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/plugin.py                   179     12    93%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/__init__.py              2      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_ainswer.py         60      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_history.py         48      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/ainswer/test/test_plugin.py          61      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/__init__.py                  3      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/params.py                   15      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/plugin.py                  129      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/__init__.py             0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autojoin/test/test_plugin.py         43      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autonick/__init__.py                  3      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autonick/params.py                   17      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autonick/plugin.py                  132      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/__init__.py             0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/autonick/test/test_plugin.py         43      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/__init__.py                   3      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/ainswer.py                   26      4    85%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/helpers.py                   43      6    86%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/params.py                    23      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/persist.py                   68     15    78%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/plugin.py                   103      8    92%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/__init__.py              0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/enhomie/test/test_plugin.py          92      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/__init__.py                    3      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/history.py                   160      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/params.py                     13      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/plugin.py                     84      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/__init__.py               0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_history.py          51      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/logger/test/test_plugin.py           53      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/__init__.py                    3      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/ainswer.py                    26      4    85%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/current.py                    85     35    59%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/helpers.py                    31      6    81%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/params.py                     23      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/plugin.py                    102      8    92%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/__init__.py               0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/nagios/test/test_plugin.py           93      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/__init__.py                    6      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/common.py                     18      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/helpers.py                   126      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/params.py                     31      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/plugin.py                    140      8    94%
enrobie/plugins/status/test/__init__.py               0      0   100%
enrobie/plugins/status/test/test_plugin.py           76      0   100%
enrobie/robie/__init__.py                             4      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/__init__.py                      5      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/jinja2.py                        9      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/logger.py                       72      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/queue.py                        34      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/test/__init__.py                 0      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_logger.py             43      0   100%
enrobie/robie/addons/test/test_queue.py              27      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/__init__.py                      6      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/child.py                        38      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/client.py                       42      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/person.py                       42      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/plugin.py                       26      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/robie.py                        92      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/__init__.py                 0      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_child.py               8      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_client.py              2      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_person.py             32      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_plugin.py              2      0   100%
enrobie/robie/childs/test/test_robie.py              15      0   100%
enrobie/robie/common.py                               7      0   100%
enrobie/robie/config.py                             170      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/__init__.py                     4      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/clients.py                     47      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/member.py                     115      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/plugins.py                     38      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/test/__init__.py                0      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_clients.py           25      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_member.py             2      0   100%
enrobie/robie/members/test/test_plugins.py           25      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/__init__.py                      5      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/command.py                      11      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/message.py                      31      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/robie.py                        43      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/test/__init__.py                 0      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_command.py            19      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_message.py            19      0   100%
enrobie/robie/models/test/test_models.py             13      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/__init__.py                      9      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/child.py                         8      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/client.py                        8      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/common.py                        2      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/person.py                       16      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/plugin.py                        8      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/robie.py                        21      0   100%
enrobie/robie/params/service.py                       7      0   100%
enrobie/robie/robie.py                              105      0   100%
enrobie/robie/service.py                            171      0   100%
enrobie/robie/test/__init__.py                        2      0   100%
enrobie/robie/test/test_config.py                    20      0   100%
enrobie/robie/test/test_robie.py                     55      0   100%
enrobie/robie/test/test_service.py                   64      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/__init__.py                     5      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/client.py                      18      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/plugin.py                      18      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/test/__init__.py                0      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_client.py            28      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_plugin.py            28      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/test/test_thread.py            25      0   100%
enrobie/robie/threads/thread.py                      97      0   100%
enrobie/utils/__init__.py                             8      0   100%
enrobie/utils/child.py                               18      0   100%
enrobie/utils/importer.py                             6      0   100%
enrobie/utils/param.py                               29      0   100%
enrobie/utils/states.py                              93      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/__init__.py                        0      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/test_child.py                     20      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/test_importer.py                   4      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/test_param.py                     16      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/test_states.py                    53      0   100%
enrobie/utils/test/test_thread.py                    18      0   100%
enrobie/utils/thread.py                              14      0   100%
---------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                              6384    110    98%

===================================== mypy =====================================

Success: no issues found in 163 source files
======================= 257 passed in 133.31s (0:02:13) ========================
    DONE
  ‚óè Write coveragepy output to htmlcov..
    DONE
  ‚óè Write coveragepy output to coverage.json..
    DONE
